Added a user manual and a readme. (#2)
spatialos/UnrealGDKTestGyms: USER_MANUAL.MD

> # SpatialOS GDK for Unreal Test Gyms Project 

Reviewer: Could you add a bit about project layout. What things go in which directories etc.

> #### How to add a gym 

Reviewer 2: What do we define as a gym? What are the directories and files which make a gym?

> * Make a copy of the empty gym and give it a descriptive name.

Reviewer 2: Do we mean clone the repository? Do we mean download and make a copy in our file system?
How do we make a copy?

> * If the gym is intended to be merged back in then consider adding a text object containing the gym name.

Reviewer 2: Make this active voice as it's easier to follow.
Also, this is a public repo, and we have said we are not accepting contributions - who can merge a new gym into the repo?

```suggestion
If you are a contributor(*) to the Test Gyms Project and plan to merge your gym into the repository, add a text object containing the gym's name.

(*) Note that we are not accepting public contributions at this time.
```
